Fix documentation, grammar, and spelling in addons IO / Persistence -Transform (#19611)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.transform.xpath/README.md

</PTZStatus>
```

The XPath `/PTZStatus/AbsoluteHigh/azimuth/text()` returns

```text
450
```

> ## Advanced example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Advanced Example
```

end
```

> Now the resulting Number can also be used in the label to [change the color](https://www.openhab.org/docs/configuration/sitemaps.html#label-and-value-colors) or in a rule as a value for comparison.

Reviewer: 404. Probably should be:
```suggestion
Now the resulting Number can also be used in the label to [change the color](https://www.openhab.org/docs/ui/sitemaps.html#label-value-and-icon-colors) or in a rule as a value for comparison.
```
